In the binary classification section,
we learned about decision trees which were used to predict binary variables.
They do this by splitting the data and creating the largest difference of
the percent between the target group. Well, guess what?
They can also be used to predict non-binary classification data.
We'll be using this for a new business problem.
Since we already learned the foundation of decision trees,
let's flip over to Alteryx to build this model out.
Now, what we're going to do is build a decision tree of an Alteryx,
interpret the results, and validate the model.
If you recall, the goal of this analysis is to predict what mode of
transportation the 40 percent of
employees who did not respond to the survey actually use,
since we have already built out a decision tree,
go ahead and bring in the data,
and build this model out yourself.
You can then validate the model afterwards.